feat: support extractStr to reuse variables and reduce bundle size (#340)
lynx-family/lynx-stack: .changeset/mighty-doodles-repeat.md

---
"@lynx-js/react-webpack-plugin": patch
"@lynx-js/react-rsbuild-plugin": patch
---

> feat: support extractStr to reuse variables and reduce bundle size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: support extractStr to reuse string literal and reduce bundle size
```

And can we add a basic usage example here?
